# Software Requirements Specification -- Text Editor Plugin

## Introduction

### Purpose

### Scope

### Overview

#### Perspective

#### Functions

#### User characteristics

#### Limitations

## References

## Definitions, acronyms, and abbreviations

### Definition

### Acronyms and abbreviations

## Specific requirements

### External interfaces

#### System interfaces

#### User interface

#### Software interface

#### Hardware interface

#### Communications interfaces

#### Memory constrains

#### Operations

#### Site adaptation requirements

### Functions

- [SRS-TX-0001]{SyAD-0019} The software shall be able to generate unique tags.
- [SRS-TX-0002]{SRS-TX-0001} The unique tag shall be generated by (1) a prefix using document filename, and (2) a number-format suffix which is unique through the current document.
    - The only requirement is the tag should be unique repository-wise. This is one possible choice to satisfy that requirement.
    - It is the user's responsibility to keep the document names unique.
- [SRS-TX-0003]{SyRS-0069} The software shall be able to batch renaming tags while keeping the existing traceability relationship.
    - This is used for:
        - Document renaming.
        - Refresh document items in order with increment numbers.
- [SRS-TX-0006]{} The software shall provide document linter checking.
- [SRS-TX-0004]{SyAD-0019} The software shall provide document templates.
- [SRS-TX-0005]{SRS-TX-0004} Document templates may came from regulatory instructions.

This software may also provide preliminary traceability consistency check/navigator, but we hold the features for the client-side document traceability navigator, which have a much better flexibility.

### Usability requirements

### Performance requirements

### Logical database requirement

### Design constraints

### Standards compliance

### Software system attributes

Reliability:

Availability:

Security:

Maintainability:

Portability:

### Supporting information

## Verification

## Appendices

### Assumptions and dependencies

## Bibliography

1. ISO/IEC/IEEE 29148:2011, System and software engineering -- Life cycle processes -- Requirement engineering.
2. IEEE Std 830:1998, IEEE recommended practice for software requirements specifications.
3. ISO/IEC/IEEE 12207:2008, System and software engineering -- Software life cycle process.
